Infrastructure Updates (#60)
vmstan/vmstio: docus/content/infrastructure/relays.md

Relays allow all content from participating instances to be directly federated to everyone else, without waiting for a direct user connection to be established.
This helps with content discovery and more to complete conversation threads and hashtags for our users.

> Federation and content discovery still happens without relays, but they create an express-lane between instances who participate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Federation and content discovery still happen without relays, but relays create an express lane between instances who participate.
```

The `they` is ambiguous. And `happen` needs to be plural form.

## Relayed Instances

Through participation in relays, these instances (and many more) are accessible in the Federated timeline for vmst.io users.

> _This list is subject to change at anytime due to circumstances outside of vmst.io administrators control._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_This list is representative, incomplete, and subject to change at any time due to circumstances outside of vmst.io administrator control._
```
